Corrected repository install steps on Single VM install guide (#220)
nephio-project/docs: content/en/docs/guides/install-guides/install-on-single-vm.md

kpt live apply configsync --reconcile-timeout=15m --output=table
```

### Create Git Repositories

> For management cluster, you need to create 2 repositories named *mgmt* and *mgmt-staging*. Repository mgmt will be mapped to management cluster via config-sync to inject nephio workloads while mgmt-staging repository is used internally during cluster bootstrapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the management cluster, you need to create two repositories named *mgmt* and *mgmt-staging*. Repository mgmt will be mapped to management cluster via config-sync to inject nephio workloads while mgmt-staging repository is used internally during cluster bootstrapping.
```
